yesterday I interviewed swordart and he
did his whole interview in English so
maybe as a support player you can say
something to the fans out there and
English well it is the second day of MSI
2018 with coverage presented by me I'm
joined right now by gorilla as well
surely he's gonna help translate she's
all the way back here since we from
China from world's last year if you
remember her
gorilla what do you think of MSI so far
and Kings owns performance indicates
what I think I can in there
a paradise or two comes mommy up Pookie
none day they will to say God I didn't
get I can guarantee us all token money
in delicate and SH in Billerica tale
well I thought we were doing really well
until yesterday but I'm feeling pretty
sad because we had just wanted to fit
and we're facing RNG in the first game
tomorrow and you know it's like game in
the afternoon and I'm I think we should
really prepare well for that now what do
you think of the support meta here at
MSI because it does feel like we are
seeing more mage supports and even
Soraka coming out a little bit 10 second
wooden lines Sega counter pick it has
from 0 mana
Tammy this hunger when the task counter
pigeon javelin you know the Kogi's is a
photo is it come to Peoria can more sora
kara I can only be supportive of my you
know winning out there
Wow there are all counter picks for
every link including the ADC and Soraka
is just one of them as a mage time like
counter pick for the support I talked to
Olli before MSI he came on my show and
he said he was very excited to come here
because he likes you and you are friends
and he was excited for this what do you
think of Olli being substituted
one sec I'm Esther with horny I told you
I got to quit arguin Toby rest on them
they are good they cool dress up good
single room is like honey - don't keep
book about nothing I guess none that
away
they tanto do or they permit saga
Tunisia will listen 37 and a mommy - man
yeah put away gay guy so we're passing
English at a competitor de nada missamma
okra do a Kentucky Chandrashekhar single
Aragua Monica to meet a man on the third
floor to see momentum is it actually I
read what Ola Twitter last night and I
felt really bad for him because you know
like it just depends on how you take it
but still you got like replaced from the
starting line amps there's a substitute
but that must be having really hard on
him so if you need any help I'm open
here for you so please call me anytime
very good well hopefully he can reach
out to you if he wants to what do you
think of msi taking place here at the EU
LCS studio as opposed to one of the
bigger arenas oh okay it's just a nice
studio it's a colony on the cutting edge
of the gauge was seven day kaito-kun
keepo go Ibanez a schedule can be judged
on a visa or mana or critical manner to
achieve chaotic we say well Tony man was
a ASC at the NA studio and I really
loved at that time but here I come again
like to a really huge arena and you know
we're gonna build a new arena in the lck
so I'm really excited to see like how
big it will be and how good it will be
how is Elsie King because I am excited
to go to Korea for world's this year so
how is League of Legends eSports doing
in Korea it has been us a little bit
since I visited
it's a scary one edition man pimping
derailment imagine
oh hello junkies and I think we're okay
I got a machine gun it an open boost
second engagement too much skin and a
you wanna lose the copier Lindemann open
booster got a cost equal to crayons on
gamut of the kissy Tami oh my goooood
come to meet Janna Kazan using a
committer well you know the passion of
Korean fans are as strong as any other
pens in another place so but there's one
thing I miss it's like we don't really
have an open booth in lck but when we
have the world I'm sure there will be
one that will make you feel like more at
the venue and it will be more fun and
then finally as we're wrapping up there
are printing probably many na fans who
do not follow lck and they will say king
zone
who is that and where is SKT so maybe
you could tell us North American fans
what happened with SKT and how you ended
up they are a turbulent SKT msi identity
Linda oh there's Katie Timmy I was in
Iran and they even spring season a to
Communion Joe single rockwheel or cute
asian schettino72 King John they're
gonna say Olympic in German Dejima
so my team Mohammed will be more pray
mobility closer peanut Kanta kaesong a
Camaro innocence Anika oh sorry change
on the money we won't act in the
hospital well as Katy is a good and
strong team I think they just had a bad
luck in the spring split LC kid is here
and you know we broke peanuts Katie so
please like continue to cheer for us and
we just like had a new name like we
rear-ended two kings oh and dragon eggs
in a really love our name and we have
like very you know like attractive
players icon ability prey gorilla
cause so please PLEASE love in Canada
cheer for us very good final question
yesterday I interviewed swordart and he
did his whole interview in English so
maybe as a support player you can say
something to the fans out there and
English today we lose vs fnatic but we
will try more hard and tomorrow we will
win so sharing us please thank you so
much thank you gorilla thank you as well
surely for everyone else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
you know what I just wished for I wish
for your support at Travis gaffer calm
slash support ed patreon.com slash
Travis cafard thanks so much for
watching that interview